apt-*: add more info links; apt-file: add regex search example (#5710)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/apt-key.md

# apt-key

> Key management utility for the APT Package Manager on Debian and Ubuntu.

> > Note: `apt-key` is now deprecated (except for the use of `apt-key del`).

Reviewer: I had an old suggestion that suggested this, it it got erased and then I made a new one but forgot to add this:
```suggestion
> Note: `apt-key` is now deprecated (except for the use of `apt-key del` in maintainer scripts).
```

> > Be carefull as `apt-key` is now deprecated except for the use of `apt-key del` in maintainer scripts to remove existing keys from the main keyring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: `apt-key` is now deprecated (except for the use of `apt-key del`).
```

> > More information: <https://manpages.debian.org/latest/apt/apt-key.8.en.html>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manpages.debian.org/latest/apt/apt-key.html>.
```

# apt-key

> Key management utility for the APT Package Manager on Debian and Ubuntu.
> Be carefull as `apt-key` is now deprecated except for the use of `apt-key del`

> > in maintainer scripts to remove existing keys from the main keyring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: `apt-key` is now deprecated (except for the use of `apt-key del` in maintainer scripts).
```
